@comment $NetBSD: PLIST,v 1.16 2013/01/13 04:17:08 ryoon Exp $
bin/fotoxx
man/man1/fotoxx.1
share/applications/kornelix-fotoxx.desktop
share/doc/fotoxx/KB-shortcuts
share/doc/fotoxx/KB-shortcuts-ca
share/doc/fotoxx/KB-shortcuts-es
share/doc/fotoxx/README
share/doc/fotoxx/README-ca
share/doc/fotoxx/README-es
share/doc/fotoxx/changelog
share/doc/fotoxx/copyright
share/doc/fotoxx/edit-menus
share/doc/fotoxx/edit-menus-ca
share/doc/fotoxx/edit-menus-es
share/doc/fotoxx/fotoxx.man
share/doc/fotoxx/images/CMYK.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/HDF-paint.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/HDR-adjust.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/add-geotags.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/annotate.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/auto-trim.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/batch-add-geotags.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/batch-convert.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/batch-raw-conv.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/batch-rename.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/bright-ramp.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/brightness-color.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/chromatic.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/collections.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/colorchart.png
share/doc/fotoxx/images/denoise.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/edit-caption-comments.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/edit-tags.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/edit-translation.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/expand-brightness.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/favorites.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/flatten.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/fotoxx.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/gallery-selection.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/gallery-toolbar.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/gamma-curve.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/gammachart.png
share/doc/fotoxx/images/geotag-groups.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/grid-lines.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/keystone.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/leverage-edits.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/main-toolbar.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/match-colors.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/paint-edits.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/paint-pixels.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/pano-color.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/pano-pre-align.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/print.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/remove-dust.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/rename.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/resize.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/revise-RGB.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/rotate.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/rotate2.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/rotate3.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/save-as.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/search-images-metadata.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/search-images.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/select-area.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/sharpen.jpeg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/shift-colors.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/show-RGB.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/slide-show.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/smart-erase.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/stack-noise.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/stack-paint.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/stuck-pixels.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/synchronize.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/tone-mapping.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/trim.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/unbend.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/user-settings.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/vignette.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/warps.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/watermark.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/images/white-balance.jpg
share/doc/fotoxx/translations
share/doc/fotoxx/userguide-en.html
share/doc/fotoxx/userguide-es.html
share/doc/fotoxx/userguide-it.html
share/fotoxx/icons/bottom.png
share/fotoxx/icons/broken.png
share/fotoxx/icons/cancel.png
share/fotoxx/icons/discard.png
share/fotoxx/icons/down+.png
share/fotoxx/icons/down.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/CMYK.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/HDF.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/HDR.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/RGB.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/blur.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/bright distrib.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/brigth color sat.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/brigth ramp.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/color depth.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/crop rotate.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/dots.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/drawing01.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/embossing.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/expand bright.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/fix fringes.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/fix stuck pixels.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/flatten bright.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/flip.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/gamma.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/invert.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/keystone.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/landscape.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/leverage edit.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/outlines.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/paint edits.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/paint pixels.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/painting.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/panorama.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/pencil.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/red eyes.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/reduce noise.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/remove dust.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/resize.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/sharpen.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/shiftcolors.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/smarterase.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/stacknoise.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/stackpaint.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/text.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/tiles.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/tonemapping.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/unbend.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/vert panorama.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/voodoo.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp affine.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp area.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp curved.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/warp linear.png
share/fotoxx/icons/edit-funcs/whitebalance.png
share/fotoxx/icons/favorites.png
share/fotoxx/icons/fg-color.png
share/fotoxx/icons/folder.png
share/fotoxx/icons/fotoxx.png
share/fotoxx/icons/help.png
share/fotoxx/icons/next.png
share/fotoxx/icons/open.png
share/fotoxx/icons/prev.png
share/fotoxx/icons/print.png
share/fotoxx/icons/quit.png
share/fotoxx/icons/redo.png
share/fotoxx/icons/save+F.png
share/fotoxx/icons/save+V.png
share/fotoxx/icons/save.png
share/fotoxx/icons/top.png
share/fotoxx/icons/trash.png
share/fotoxx/icons/undo.png
share/fotoxx/icons/up+.png
share/fotoxx/icons/up.png
share/fotoxx/icons/zoom+.png
share/fotoxx/icons/zoom-.png
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-ca.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-de.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-en.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-es.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-fr.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-gl.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-it.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-nl.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-pt.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-ru.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-sv.po
share/fotoxx/locales/fotoxx-zh_CN.po
